You wanted a list of common issues? This is an ever-growing list of them that I'll populate as I run into them:

Q: Why won't my Linux Mint install finish?
A: With all things in active development, there are bugs.. that said, this is a very minor one and I haven't seen it since Linux Mint v19.2 .. Here's how ya fix it: Remember when you connected it to your Wi-Fi? Yeah, wait until AFTER the install is complete, it's rebooted, and you've logged in before connecting it to your Wi-Fi. There's also a slim chance that you enabled third-party drivers.. if you did and the first method didn't work, try opting out of third-party drivers and finish the install. Both of those worked for me on different computers.

Q: Why won't my Wi-Fi show up when I first login to my new Mint installation? I didn't get a prompt to connect to Wi-Fi on install either.
A: I've seen this one, too! This one's more than likely easily going to be installed by a temporary RJ-45 (Ethernet/Internet) cable connection to your computer. Plug her into your router and check for updates. Ensure to install them all, then reboot. Log back in and check for updates.. once you don't have any more to install, open the "Driver Manager". It will automatically query for new driver updates.. you *should* get a prompt to install the Wi-Fi driver. After the driver has been downloaded and installed, reboot the computer (you should be prompted to). After logging in, disconnect the RJ-45 cable and try to use the Wi-Fi card. As long as you changed the driver, you should be good to go! I should tell you that there's (VERY RARE) cases wherein a Wi-Fi driver DOESN'T work.. in which case, you should search the Internet to see if someone's made a custom kernel module (driver) for your specific Wi-Fi card. You could always post in the Linux Mint or Ubuntu forums to see if someone else has encountered the issue and fixed it. They're generally pretty helpful too. I ran into this with a small 14" HP I installed Mint onto. Found a GitHub that had the driver and installed it, piece of cake. The other time was with the Surface touch screen drivers.. found JakeDay and the rest is history. :)
